Inventory Management System
Welcome to the Inventory Management System! This system is designed to help businesses manage their inventory efficiently. It provides functionalities such as tracking products, managing stock levels, generating reports, and more.

Table of Contents
Features
Pages Overview
Getting Started
Usage
Technologies Used
Contributing
License
Features
Dashboard: Provides an overview of key metrics and quick access to other functionalities.
Inventory Management: Allows adding, editing, and deleting products. Tracks stock levels and notifies low stock.
Reports: Generates various reports such as sales reports, inventory reports, and more.
Settings: Enables users to manage account settings, notifications, and system configurations.
Search Functionality: Helps users find products quickly based on name or category.
Responsive Design: Ensures usability across different devices and screen sizes.
Pages Overview
The system consists of the following six pages:

Dashboard (dashboard.html): Overview of key metrics and quick links to other pages.
Inventory (inventory.html): List of products with options to manage stock levels.
Add New Item (add-item.html): Form to add a new product to the inventory.
Reports (reports.html): Generates various reports such as sales and inventory reports.
Settings (settings.html): Allows users to manage account settings and system configurations.
Search Products (search-products.html): Enables users to search for products based on name or category.
Getting Started
To run the Inventory Management System locally or deploy it to a server, follow these steps:

Clone the repository:
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your/repository.git
cd repository-folder
Open any of the HTML files in a web browser or deploy them to a web server.
Usage
Navigate through the pages using the navigation links provided.
Use the functionalities such as adding new items, managing inventory, generating reports, and adjusting settings as needed.
Ensure to save any changes made using the respective save or submit buttons.
Technologies Used
HTML5, CSS3 for frontend structure and styling.
JavaScript for interactive features and dynamic content.
Bootstrap or any CSS framework (if applicable) for responsive design.
Backend technologies (mention if there's a backend involved, e.g., Node.js, Django).
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please submit a pull request or open an issue on the repository.